Look there, my lady, thanks too.
He wants you, my house now.
you do today because you have other
people can died brother and they work
with the catar won ten honest people
competes that is what it is to be honest
if the guy has his baton concerning
talk off opel pilot though
the day came that I will work only
will not fail the passage only left because
I was not working with the
back or disclosure of the act in the
sand for the branch
now the driver has many people who
Have to work the brother you are.
working people have to work
also by myself and
the mec fm you will not you will not quit
with the car will not go out with the car will not
We're here because there's everyone.
Are you moving on with everyone?
here is working maintenance to do
business you have to work for
put the worker can do nothing
for a comedy in china and now
I'm filming everything here is everybody
here is everyone registered here who
you do not want to work right is not
So beauty does not know why this does not
appears you are not sure the right answer in that
new
every thing is a way to sell the
role of Brazil he did not have to go down
not who is wrong in the driver out
the next hour in the passage that I wish
so I 'm going to go from everybody to
back to the passage everyone that you there
no one has reached their good potential to
people gave us a certain that good
state of ceará only takes water
Let's see how beautiful this was then.
process will send you away the fact that
company will see you wrong of course
you're wrong you wanna give
certain how the guy is not stealing is
doing nothing because when I came here
to pay for the ticket but I have to
To accept died neither mentally he is of
clown talk or at least something to
which is already registered on the acre
there is no one who wants no subway
everyone paid passage was oil
There you I choose the way the
people are going to travel is not working
then the guy will fail if not me